Feature/add decidim api user (#14225)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### 5.2. Add force_api_authentication configuration options

There are times that we need to let only authenticated users to use the API. This configuration option filters out unauthenticated users from accessing the api endpoint. You need to add `DECIDIM_API_FORCE_API_AUTHENTICATION` to your environment variables if you want to enable this feature.

### 5.3. JWT token based API authentication

This change provides a new endpoint for API authentication and a method to check for an active authentication token header for each request, based on [Devise::JWT](https://github.com/waiting-for-dev/devise-jwt).

For this to work,  you need to add a secret key that will be used by devise-jwt to sign the tokens.

> Add `SECRET_KEY_JWT` environment variable for your application to work in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `DECIDIM_API_JWT_SECRET` environment variable for your application to work in production.
```
